# CS-340-Client-Server-Development
1) How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
  
  I write code that is maintainable, readable, and adaptable by making sure the code functions as specified and has accurate notes explaining the use of the code within the module.  In this way the code can be reused and adapted for a different purpose in the future.  The advantage of creating each specific module for it's own purpose, in the way that we separated the CRUD (Create, Read, Update, and Delete) file from the dashboard file, is that you can re-use parts of the code rather than having all the code of the entire program on one module file and having to sort through it for the code you need.  The CRUD file will undoubltedly be useful in the future because there are many databases that will be created with the individual need to be have parts created, read, updated, and deleted from them.

2) How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
  
  As a computer scientist I first try my best to understand the problem I am faced with as best as possible.  Once I understand the problem fully, I try my best to educate myself on how the problem can be solved by coming up with multiple methods of tackling the problem.  Afterwards I choose the best method to solve the problem and follow through until I run into another problem that needs to be solved first or until I reach the completion of that problem.  If I run into another problem before I reach completion I repeat the process until I do.  This fits well into an Agile Programming Style.  Tjis project required a lot more research than most other projects I have done because I had never worked with a database system before.  So there was a lot more I had to learn and understand before I could actually begin working on assignments.  But I did follow these steps.  I read all the research material before I started an assignment.  Then I studied the mothods to get the assignment done under the resources section.  I then dove into coding the programs and using the new applications as specified, learning as I went.  If I ran into an issue I did more research or asked questions until I completed the assignments.  In the future I would make sure that I understand the requirements of the user week by week and follow the steps I just described to complete the assignment.

3) What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
  
  Computer scientists understand the needs of their users, customers, and stakeholders in order to begin the software development lifecyle and code the program, following the specifications through to completion.  It matters because we are supposed to code to specification to make have a satisfied client and therefore successful job, not to code what we want(Unless it's a personal project).  My work on this project could help a company better maintain their database systems because with the CRUD module they will have the ability to adapt the processes of creating, reading, updating, and deleting to any databases that they choose to create moving forward.
